Penny - "Pump and Dump" identifying system for OTC market penny stocks.
Penny takes live OTC market data and uses a machine learning classifier to filter which stock symbols show signs of stock manipulation and stock promotion.
Penny is engineered to identify pump and dumps on the first day of the stock promotion and price manipulation.

Example usage: "java -jar penny.jar --live -mostactive"
               "java -jar penny.jar --spoof -parallel"
               "java -jar penny.jar --analyze 1/16/2016 BRAB JYON DAVD EMIT -csv data.csv"

Usage:
Penny can be run with a number of different major command-line arguments (--major) and combined with unique minor command-line arguments (-minor):

    "--live"
    Runs Penny on live market data configured with an existing broker (Interactive Brokers).
    Outputs positive classified instances of stock tickers considered to be on the first day of a pump and dump stock promotion.
        "-mostactive"
        Scans and classifies only the top 50 most active OTC stocks based on daily dollar volume as opposed to the entire OTC market.
        Offers significant speedup on results.

        "-log <output_file>"
        Outputs classified stock tickers to the file specified.

        "-serialize"
        Serializes all scanned stocks and their tick values to the constant database directory location (see SerializationConstants).

    "--analyze <mm/dd/yyyy> <ticker1> <ticker2> <...>"
    Analyzes previously serialized stock market data allowing for dataset expansion, and historical classification testing.
    Loads data from the constant database directory location (see SerializationConstants) based on the date provided.
    Takes in a variable number of stock tickers to analyze specifically.
    If no tickers are specified, analyzes all previously serialized tickers from that day.
        "-csv <output_file>"
        Appends the analyzed stocks and data to the output file specified in CSV format.

    "--spoof"
    Runs Penny on simulated market data for demonstration.
    Outputs positive classified (fake) instances of stock tickers considered to be on the first day of a pump and dump stock promotion.
        "-parallel"
        Delivers contrived market data asynchronously and in parallel.

        "-log <output_file>"
        Outputs classified stock tickers to the file specified.

        "-serialize"
        Serializes all scanned stocks and their tick values to the constant database directory location (see SerializationConstants).


    "--help"
    Displays this help menu and usage information for Penny.
